(WIND BLOWING DISTORTEDLY)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(FLY BUZZING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(MOTOR WHIRRING)
(MUSIC DISTORTS AND INTENSIFIES)
(GASPS)
(PANTING)
(BOY LAUGHS)
(CONTINUES LAUGHING)
What the fuck. Caleb?
Oh. wait till you see
the shot I got.
You looked like you were gonna
shit a brick out sideways.
You could have taken
my head off.
It wouldn't have been a clean
decapitation
with these blades.
You'd just scramble
your face up real good.
(SCOFFS)
(EXHALES. BELCHES)
Shouldn't you go see if
Jessica is feeling any better?
She'll be fine.
I gave her Klonopin
so she can sleep off whatever
the fuck is wrong with her.
Girl is such a pain in the ass.
(DRONE BUZZING)
(INSECTS CHITTERING)
(TICKING)
(FLIES BUZZING)
(GIRL GRUNTS IN DISTANCE)
Jessica?
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
Hey.
How you feeling. cuz?
Since none of these other
friends of yours
bothered to show up.
can I take your car and escape
the hell of being stuck here
with your latest boyfriend?
(JESSICA GRUNTS SOFTLY)
Great chat.
You better wake up
in the next half hour
or I'm gonna be forced
to go drown
that brainless meat puppet's
sorry ass.
(JESSICA CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(SIGHS)
(JESSICA GRUNTS. GASPS)
(JESSICA MUMBLING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS)
JESSICA: "The intense horror
of my nightmare came over me."
"I tried to draw back my arm
but the hand clung on
and a most melancholy
voice sobbed.
'Let me in.'"
"'Let me in!'"
"As it spoke.
I discerned. obscurely
a child's face
looking through the window."
(IN DEEP VOICE)
"Finding it useless to attempt
shaking the creature off.
I pulled its wrist on to
the broken pane..."
Jess?
- "...and rubbed it to and fro..."
- Please shut up.
(SHOUTS)
"...till the blood ran down
and soaked the bedclothes."
"Yet still it wailed.
(YELLING) 'Let me in!'"
(SCREAMS) Jessica!
(GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHOKES AND SPLUTTERS)
Shit. shit. shit!
(CHOKING AND COUGHING)
No. Jess. Jess? Jess?
(BREATHING HEAVILY. WHIMPERS)
- (JESSICA GRUNTS)
- (GASPS. CHOKES)
(CHOKING. GASPING)
(CONTINUES CHOKING)
(IN DISTORTED VOICE) Who's the
brainless meat puppet now?
(SCREAMS)
- (URINATING)
- (EXHALES)
(HEAVY FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(TERESA GASPING) Caleb.
What the fuck?
(GROANS)
Oh. my God.
What the hell happened?
Jess?
Jessica?
(DRONE BLADES WHIRRING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
What the fuck? What?
(GASPING) No. no. no...
TERESA: Caleb!
No...
(CALEB COUGHS AND SPLUTTERS)
(YELLING)
No. Caleb!
(CALEB YELLING)
TERESA: Caleb!
(SOBBING)
(GASPS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(URINATING)
- (KNOCK ON DOOR)
- (GASPS)
MAN: Beth!
Beth. you in there?
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Just give me five. all right?
Brandon is losing his shit.
He can't find the St rat he won
in that arm wrestling contest
last night.
It's already tuned and racked
stage left
like I told you it was
half an hour ago.
You feeling all right in there?
I'm fine.
Just go man your station.
I'll be back before curtains up.
You got it. boss.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING IN DISTANCE)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(POP MUSIC PLAYING)
Have you seen my favorite
black t-shirt?
I need it for the Labor Day
protest tomorrow.
(WHIRRING)
Mom?
You're not going to any
protest on your own.
Sophie's dad's taking us.
I've told you. like.
ten times already.
Remember?
Well. did you remember
to check the bathroom hamper?
Tell Danny
to turn the music down.
Mom says. "Turn the music down!"
ELLIE:
I could've done that myself!
(MUSIC PLAYING LOUDLY)
(RECORD SCRATCHING)
(GIRL CHUCKLES)
Kassie. you better not have
my scissors.
Don't got 'em. Mom!
It's dirty.
Well. stick it in the laundry.
and I'll do it later.
You'll forget.
You always forget.
You know where
the washing machine is.
(DOOR BELL RINGS)
Hey. Bridget.
Mom's on nights
and we're watching
all the Freddy movies in a row.
- Even the shitty ones.
- There aren't any shitty ones.
So. you. um.
wanna come over and...
In your dreams.
(SIGHS)
Your boyfriends are weirdos.
You're the weirdo.
- (GRUNTS)
- (GROANS)
(GRUNTS) Kassie!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING LOUDLY)
(CHUCKLES)
Big crowd in tonight. Dan?
(MUSIC TURNS OFF)
- Get out. Bridge!
- I would. but...
(KASSIE GRUNTS)
Let me in!
- (KASSIE SQUEALS)
- (BRIDGET CHUCKLES)
(SQUEALING)
(KASSIE LAUGHS)
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Somebody get that. please!
(RINGING CONTINUES)
All right. all right!
Boo! (GRUNTS)
(EXHALES)
Beth.
- You bitch.
- (LAUGHS)
- Surprise. sis.
- (SIGHS)
When did you get into town?
I Uber'd straight here from LAX.
Hmm.
You been sleeping?
You look like Mom.
Beats looking like a tampon.
(SIGHS)
You know. the downstairs
buzzer is totally busted.
I was able to walk in
right off the street.
Whole building's busted.
It's getting knocked in a month.
You're kidding me.
Nope. We're out.
Have you guys found a new place?
(SIGHS) Not yet.
Shit. El. You and Jay
have been here forever.
Was Bangkok awesome?
Insane. Crazy. obsessive fans
over there.
Did you drink snake blood?
Hey.
that's culturally insensitive.
What about
monkey brain barbecue?
Oh. yeah.
That's so much better. Dan.
Who's your friend. Kass?
She's called Staffanie.
Oh. Hey. Staffanie.
What's her. uh. situation?
Danny told me that when this
building used to be a bank.
a teller got caught stealing
and hunged himself
and if you walk around
with coins in your pockets.
his ghost hears the jingle.
And he scares you to death
so he can take all your money.
It's true.
If he comes after me.
Staffanie will scare him
to death first.
Ghosts aren't real.
- Have you ever seen one?
- Mmm-mmm.
Then how do you know
they don't exist?
Because...
I only believe what I can see.
For me?
- It's for badass rock chicks only.
- (GIGGLES SOFTLY)
Look. Mom. I'm a badass.
(CHUCKLES)
Please don't indoctrinate her
into your groupie world.
What's a groupie?
Your mom's favorite
nickname for me.
even though she knows
I'm a guitar technician.
If you say so.
Hey. be nice
or you don't get a gift.
Speaking of which.
check out what I got your dad.
What's going on. El?
Danny. go take my car and get
pizza with your sisters.
DANNY: Sure thing. Mom.
I just can't wrap my head
around all this.
What. did he meet someone else?
No. He believes paying
child support
equals co-parenting from afar.
(SIGHS)
Why didn't you tell me. El?
I would've jumped
right on a plane
to help you work through this.
I called you.
Twice.
First time. when he told me
he was leaving.
Second. the night he moved out.
That was two and half
months ago. Beth.
I'm sorry. okay?
You know when I'm on the road.
I get sucked in deep
and I'm trying to make
chief tech right now.
And if I do.
I'll be the first woman
in my crew to do it. so...
Please. Ellie. we need
to talk this through properly.
El...
Look. you can sleep
on the sofa tonight
but I gotta pack and move.
(SIGHS)
(BUZZER BUZZES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CELLPHONE BEEPING)
(ELLIE. ON PHONE)
Hey. Be thy-boo.
It's Ellie. Just...
calling to say hi. And. um...
me and Jay. we. uh...
- You know what...
- (MESSAGE STOPS PLAYING)
I don't blame you.
I hate the sound
of my voice too.
(SCOFFS)
(ELLIE SIGHS)
What's going on with you. Beth?
I screwed up again.
like I always do.
And I need you to help me
figure it out.
Again.
What happened?
Mmm.
(OBJECTS RATTLING)
DANNY: Hurry up. Bridge.
You wanna carry them?
You wanna get your license?
- (CAR LOCK CHIRPS)
- BRIDGET: Come on. Kass.
(SLURPS)
(METAL CLANKING)
(DEEP RUMBLING)
- (WHIMPERS)
- BRIDGET: Earthquake!
- (OBJECTS RATTLING)
- (BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SOBBING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Come on.
Go!
(OBJECTS RATTLING)
BRIDGET: Stay down!
(GROUND CRACKING)
(HEAVY THUD)
Shit.
That was intense.
I think I peed my pants.
Is it warm?
(CAR ALARMS BLARING IN DISTANCE)
Mmm-mmm.
It's probably just soda.
All right. Come on.
DANNY: Holy shit.
Bridget. check this out.
What is it?
There's a hole.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Careful. Dan.
There could be aftershocks.
It's an old bank vault!
BRIDGET: Danny. don't!
(BREATHING SHALLOWLY)
Dan?
Come on. Danny. Let's go!
DANNY: Just hang on!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CREAKING)
Danny!
Relax a minute. Bridge!
(FORCEFUL CREAKING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
(CREAKING)
BRIDGET: Danny. are you okay?
I'm fine.
(CHAINS CLINKING)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(DEBRIS FALLING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(RUSTLING)
(GROANING)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
- (KNOCKING ON DOOR)
- (BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CELLPHONE BEEPING)
ELLIE: Anything?
The network is totally screwed.
(SIGHS)
I'm sure they're fine. El.
- (DOOR OPENS)
- GABRIEL: Hey.
Is everyone okay?
Anybody hurt?
Hey. Gabe.
The kids went to go get pizza
and I can't get through
on their cells.
Can I borrow your car
to go find them?
- How about I drive you?
- Thanks.
Let me get the keys.
(DOOR OPENS)
- Who are you?
- Beth.
Ellie's sister.
Ah. yeah. yeah.
The groupie.
Let me ask you somethin'.
Can you hear her up there?
- What?
- Quake.
Sent her hiding in the ducts.
Here. kitty. kitty. kitty.
Let's roll.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
ELLIE: Is that them?
- (ELLIE SIGHS IN RELIEF)
- Good to meet you.
You never take the elevator
after a quake.
Bridget dropped the pizza.
Oh. honey. I love you guys
so much more than pizza.
The magnitude 5.5 earthquake
hit just north
of the Puente Hills fault
less than an hour ago.
Jolting downtown Los Angeles
and everywhere from
La Habra to...
(CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY)
(ETHEREAL MUSIC PLAYING)
DANNY: You think it might
be worth something?
Mom could do with some extra
money right now.
don't you think?
I don't think Mom wants cash
from something you stole.
It's not stolen.
It's probably been
locked in that vault forever.
Yeah. and weird shit like this
gets locked away for a reason.
Just leave it. Dan.
Argh! Fuck!
Let me see it.
It's just a nick.
(CREAKING)
Dan...
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Danny. please close it.
(BRIDGET GRUNTS. PANTS)
I don't like this. Dan.
You need to put it back
right now.
Mom's not letting any of us
out the front door again tonight.
First thing in the morning then.
Promise me?
You going deep sea diving?
I gotta see under
before I get in.
I got stung by a jellyfish
at the beach before.
I don't like going underwater.
I don't think there's any weird
sea creatures in the tub.
- (SPLASHES)
- (GASPS)
Oh. my God!
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Oh. my God.
- It's a... It's a...
- (KASSIE GASPS)
- (TOY DUCK SQUEAKING)
- (KASSIE CHUCKLES LIGHTLY)
(BETH GROANS)
(BETH BREATHING SHAKILY)
You okay?
I'm good. sweetie.
I hate when my tummy hurts too.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(NEEDLE CRACKLES ON RECORD)
(LOW GROWLING ON SPEAKERS)
(DISTORTED MALE VOICE
SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY)
CONTINUES SPEAKING)
MAN: Good afternoon.
my fellow clergymen.
I am Father Marcus Littleton.
the library keeper here
at Saint Patrick's Cathedral
and I welcome you all today
to the City of Angels.
(APPLAUSE)
You've been invited here
to witness the unveiling
of a unique artifact
that was discovered
by our overseas missionaries.
I would like to present
what I believe to be one of
the three fabled volumes
of Naturum Demon to.
The Book of the Dead.
My tests to date have revealed
that its bindings
are made of cured human flesh.
its passages and etchings
inked in blood.
MAN: This is heresy!
LITTLETON: Today.
I seek church approval
to translate
the spiritual mysteries
its pages undoubtedly hold.
MAN: Destroy it!
It's called The Book of
the Dead for a reason!
LITTLETON: I seek to look at
this book for the good of man!
(NEEDLE SCRATCHING ON RECORD)
LITTLETON: Rejected by
the elders of our church.
myself. Canon Damien Shanahan.
and Father Hugo Cortez
have been working in secret
to translate
The Book of the Dead's
myriad writings and glyphs.
Its pages contain ancient
rituals and incantations.
the recitation of which
proclaim to allow contact
with supernatural forces
that exist beyond the thin
veneer of our known world.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
LITTLETON: It is January 24th
in the year of our Lord. 1923.
And I. Father Marcus Littleton.
shall now commence reading aloud
the first of the spiritual
resurrection passages.
(DISTORTED CHANTING
IN OTHER LANGUAGE)
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (CHANTING CONTINUES)
- (SQUEAKING)
(GASPS)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
- (ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
- WINCES:
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(VOICE REVERBERATING)
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
(GASPS)
(SCREAMING)
(SCREAMS)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(GASPS)
(GROANS)
Hey!
(MUFFLED) Help!
Help!
(WHIMPERING)
(GRUNTS)
(DISTORTED VOICE GRUNTS)
(VOICES WHISPERING)
(GRUNTS)
(DISTORTED GROWLING)
(SNARLING AND GROWLING)
(GASPS)
(GROANS)
(SOBS)
(SNARLING AND GROWLING
INTENSIFIES)
Shut the fuck up!
(SNARLING AND GROWLING STOPS)
(ELLIE BREATHING HEAVILY)
(LOW GROWLING)
(GROANING)
(CHOKING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS AND YELLS)
- (GROANING)
- (BONES CRACKING)
(WHIMPERING)
- (SCREAMING)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(DANNY GASPS)
(KASSIE BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CHUCKLES)
It's okay. It's okay.
It's just a blackout.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS)
(PANTING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
BETH: Bridget?
You all right?
Yeah.
Looks like it's just us
that's out.
Really?
(KNOCKS)
Mom?
El. are you sleeping?
Where is she?
(CRACKLING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(BLOWS)
Mom?
El?
(LIGHTER CLICKING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(METAL SCRAPING)
(SIZZLING. POPPING)
(EGGS CRACKING)
What's up. sis?
ELLIE: I had the most
beautiful dream.
We were together.
sitting in a tall forest.
The wind was clean
and the birds were singing
the sweetest...
(SPEECH SLURRING)
Melodies.
It was a perfect day
and all I could think about
was how much I wanted
to cut you all open
and climb inside your bodies
so that we could stay
one happy family.
(CHUCKLES)
(LAUGHING)
(SHUDDERING)
- (CLATTERS)
- (ALL GASP)
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(GASPS)
It's in me.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALL GASP)
- (GRUNTING)
- (BONES CRACKING)
(RETCHES)
(WHIMPERS)
(GASPING)
Don't let it take my babies.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BETH PANTING)
Mom!
Bridget. take her back inside.
Now!
What's wrong with her. Bridge?
(THUDDING)
Stairs. Go! Go. go. go.
(WHISPERS) Come on.
Wake up. Ellie.
Come on. wake up.
Danny!
They're gone.
One minute she was fine
and the next
she was talking crazy and...
And now she's gone.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(PHONE BEEPING)
Network's still fucked.
May I pray?
She's not religious.
Wasn't.
It's just a few words.
Join me.
(EXHALES)
Eternal rest grant unto her.
O Lord
and let perpetual light
shine upon her.
May her soul
and the souls
of all the faithful departed
through the mercy of God...
What the hell happened
to her face?
Rest in peace.
Looks like someone beat her up.
There's an old fire-escape
ladder
on the north side
of the building.
I could try to get down that.
raise the alarm.
get some help in here.
You have to go through 82.
Ah. shit.
That's unoccupied. right?
Yeah. Like most of this
condemned dump.
GABRIEL: You got the tools?
We could just cut right
through the door.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
In my truck.
You ain't gettin' through
those old doors
without something heavy-duty.
(KASSIE CRYING)
I want Dad to come home.
(SNIFFLES)
He will.
When we get the phones working
again. he'll come right back.
How do you know he will?
You said Mom was gonna be okay.
BRIDGET: I thought she would be.
I'm so sorry. Kass.
(GRUNTS)
I'm gonna get my shotgun.
and we're gonna blast it open.
Just give me a minute. okay?
I don't like being trapped.
Everyone is on edge enough
without guns getting fired
in here.
(FLY BUZZES)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHISPERING)
I don't know what to do. El.
(IN NORMAL VOICE) You're the
one who always has the answers.
I'm too scared to even face
your kids right now.
No matter how busy you ever got.
you always found time for me.
For everyone.
I can't believe I'm never
gonna speak to you again.
(ON PHONE)
Hey. Be thy-boo. It's Ellie.
Just... calling to say hi.
And. uh...
Beth.
Beth!
You have to help me. Beth.
You have to.
- I'm burning. I'm burning alive!
- (GASPS)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
(BETH SHUDDERING)
(FLY BUZZING)
- (FLY BUZZES)
- (GASPS)
El?
- Mom?
- She's alive?
She's burning up.
(GASPING)
(GASPING. GURGLING)
I'll get ice.
(GASPING CONTINUES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GROWLS SOFTLY)
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAM ECHOING)
(CONTINUES SCREAMING)
(OBJECTS RATTLING)
(BOTH BREATHING SHAKILY)
Mom?
(IN DEMONIC VOICE)
Mommy's with the maggots now.
(HISSES)
(GASPS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(BONES CRACK)
(OBJECTS CRUNCHING UNDERFOOT)
- (SNARLS)
- (GASPS)
(BETH YELLING)
Mom. stop it!
(BETH WHIMPERS)
- (GASPS)
- Stop it!
(GROANING)
(DEMON. AS IF ELLIE)
It's not my fault. Bridget.
Get away from her. Bridge!
What's happening to me.
sweetheart?
I don't know. Mom.
I do.
I'm free now.
Free from all you
titty-sucking parasites.
(ROARS)
(WHIRRING)
- (SNARLS)
- (GASPS)
(SNARLING)
(GRUNTING. PANTING)
(WHIRRING)
(BRIDGET WAILING)
Let me kiss it better.
(SOBBING)
(BRIDGET GASPING)
(IN DEMONIC VOICE)
Who wants to rot next?
Eeny...
meeny...
miny...
You.
GABRIEL: Ellie?
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(SNARLS)
(GROWLING)
- (GROWLS)
- (SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING IN PAIN)
Fuck!
(SCREAMING)
(CHOKING AND SPLUTTERING)
(CHOKES)
(CONTINUES CHOKING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
- (ALL SHUDDERING)
- (BANGING ON DOOR)
BETH: Grab the cabinet.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Get away from the door.
(KASSIE WHIMPERS)
(BANGING CONTINUES)
(BANGING STOPS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BOY GRUNTING)
(BOY YELLING)
(GASPS SOFTLY)
- (GASPS)
- (BETH GASPS)
GABRIEL: Please. we need help!
Let me in!
(CHOKES AND SCREAMS)
(THUDS)
- (GUNSHOT)
- (GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (DEMON LAUGHS)
- (SCREAMS)
(DEMON SNARLING)
(ALL BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MR. FONDA SHOUTING)
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
- (GRUNTS)
- (GASPS)
Hello!
Can you hear me?
Don't you think Mom looks just like
one of those pictures from that book?
Answer me. Danny.
You never should've stolen it.
This isn't my fault.
This is your fault!
- Get off me! Get off!
- KASSIE: Stop it!
- Hey! Hey. hey!
- This is all your fault!
Hey. Hey.
You don't turn on each other.
Ever.
I need to show you something.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
What is this. Danny?
(WIND WHISTLING)
KASSIE: Does it hurt bad?
Bridget?
I'm okay.
(DEMON. AS IF ELLIE. HUMMING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(DEMON. AS IF ELLIE)
♪ Gold-haired girls ♪
♪ With curling tresses ♪
♪ Hush-a-bye baby ♪
♪ Babe not mine ♪
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
♪ Mothers who nurse ♪
♪ With sad caresses ♪
♪ Hush-a-bye baby ♪
♪ Babe not mine ♪
- (HUMMING)
- (KASSIE BREATHING SHAKILY)
Mom?
DANNY: Beth?
I took these too.
There's this creepy priest
on them.
reading passages from the book.
It's like a weird dark prayer.
And when he spoke the words...
Bridget's right.
This is all my fault.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(DEEP DEMONIC VOICE) Bridget...
Bridget...
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(COUGHS AND SPLUTTERS)
(DEMON. AS IF ELLIE)
♪ And black knife bring ♪
♪ To cross my sorrow ♪
♪ Hush-a-bye baby ♪
♪ Babe not mine ♪
Oh. there you are.
Hey there. cutie-pie.
What's wrong with you. Mom?
I was just feeling sad about
me and your dad.
But he's here now.
He came home to see us.
We're getting back together.
We love each other.
Isn't that right. my darling?
And we love you too.
(COUGHING. GASPING)
(COUGHS)
(GAGGING)
Open up and let us in. Kassie.
We can be a big.
happy family again.
You don't look so good. Mom.
Oh.
Nothing a big old hug and kiss
from you won't fix.
Open up now.
like a good girl.
That's it.
Come on. now.
(IN DEMONIC VOICE)
Do it for Mom and Dad.
(SCREAMS)
KASSIE: Mom!
- (SNARLS)
- (KASSIE GRUNTING)
(BETH GRUNTING)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
- You okay?
- I'm sorry.
I thought Mom was better.
(BANGING CONTINUES)
(IN DEMONIC VOICE) Open the
door like you open your legs.
you stinking groupie slut!
(BOTH YELLING)
I'm not a groupie.
you psycho bitch!
DANNY: Beth.
Beth.
BETH: Go to your room.
(DANNY SHUDDERING)
It'll be okay. Danny.
Staffanie will protect us.
Right?
(DANNY SNIFFLES)
Yeah.
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
What are you looking at. hon?
(GLASS SPLINTERING)
(GASPING)
(IN DEMONIC VOICE) I gotta
kill the creepy-crawlies
that I got inside my tummy.
(GULPING)
I don't like having things
inside my tummy.
(SINISTER LAUGH)
Do you. Auntie Beth?
(WHIMPERS)
- (SPITS)
- (GASPS)
- (SNARLS)
- (YELLS)
(GASPING)
(YELLS IN PAIN)
(SCREAMING)
(DRAMATIC CHORD PLAYS)
- (DANNY WHIMPERS)
- (SNARLS)
(SCREAMING)
(DANNY GRUNTS)
(WHIMPERS)
(GURGLES)
(SOFTLY) Hey.
Is this a nightmare?
It's just like a nightmare.
Kass.
Is what happened to Bridget
and Mom gonna happen to us?
I'm not gonna let that happen.
I promise.
You'd be a good mom someday.
Auntie Beth.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Oh. yeah?
Yeah.
You know how to lie to kids.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
I thought I should tie her up.
Just in case.
I wanna listen to that vinyl.
It's too dangerous.
Those words...
Yeah. well. maybe
there's words on there
that can help stop all of this.
We've got no power
to run a turntable.
I can fix that.
(SIZZLING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(POWERING ON)
DANNY: I listened to the first and
then he spoke the words on the second.
(SIGHS) I guess I'll start
at the other end. then.
Just in case.
(NEEDLE CRACKLES ON RECORD)
LITTLETON: It is now two nights
since I read aloud
from the book.
My want to understand and
commune with the other side
could not have been
more misguided.
I make this final recording
as a warning to whoever next
comes into contact
with its malignant pages.
Naturum Demon to
cannot be destroyed.
When you find it. bury it deep
in our secret vault.
for the words I uttered have
unleashed a demonic entity
beyond my darkest nightmare.
KASSIE: Is Bridget gonna
come back like Mom?
I don't know. Kass.
LITTLETON: The demon possessed
Cortez first.
rotting him from the inside out.
(GROWLS)
With the might of
our Lord's words.
we tried to drive out
the foul entity
but it mocked our prayers
and took Shanahan
under its control.
Fellow priests came to our aid
but the possession quickly
spread amongst them
without rhyme nor reason.
(CAT MEOWS)
(MEOWING)
- (SNARLS SOFTLY)
- (CAT MEOWS)
This evil is not governed
by the rules of man.
No. it takes its pleasure
in creating terror
through total chaos.
Desperate to end this curse.
I tried to kill what were once
my brothers.
I led them to the woodshed
and set it ablaze.
But they danced in its flame
and reveled in its burn.
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
(KASSIE GASPS)
(CLATTERING OVERHEAD)
(HEAVY THUD)
Mr. Fonda's kitty hides up
there sometimes.
I don't think it's a cat.
LITTLETON: I buried their
squirming. spitting corpses
in consecrated earth.
(CEILING CREAKING)
But they arose again.
rotting and rage-filled.
- Careful. Danny.
- (GASPS)
(GRUNTING)
- (GROWLS)
- (DANNY GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
LITTLETON: After hiding
in the cellar for a night.
I knew only one choice remained.
Complete bodily dismemberment.
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(IN DEMONIC VOICE) Told you. you
should've put the book back. Danny.
(GROANS)
(DEMON SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING STOPS)
LITTLETON: I chopped.
and I hacked. and I...
I failed.
(THUDDING)
I can hear them outside the
doors now. begging for me.
It is only a matter of time
before I am taken too.
Nothing can stop
this demonic force.
Even its final remnants
will come after you.
You must run.
All you can do is run!
(GASPING)
LITTLETON:
This horror will not stop
until innocence is destroyed.
Until evil...
(IN DISTORTED VOICE)
...be thy name.
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPING)
KASSIE: Danny.
I'm sorry. Kass.
(KASSIE SOBS)
- (SNARLS)
- (SCREAMS)
(IN DEMONIC VOICE)
I will swallow your soul.
(GASPS)
(SNIFFING)
(HEARTBEAT POUNDING)
Two souls?
Please. El...
Ellie waits in hell for you
and your unborn bastard baby.
No.
(HEARTBEAT POUNDING)
KASSIE: Auntie Beth!
(YELLS)
(GASPING)
(BONE CRACKING)
(KASSIE SOBBING)
Are you hurt?
Are you gonna be a mom?
Yes.
And I'm getting us out of here.
How?
(FURNITURE SCRAPING FLOOR)
(DOOR UNLOCKS)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(METALLIC CLUNK IN DISTANCE)
BETH: Fire escape. Let's go.
(KASSIE WHIMPERS)
Don't look back there.
(BETH GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(BONES CRACKING)
(SQUELCHING)
Get back. Cover your ears.
DEMON: Be thy-boo!
(SCREAMING)
(DEMON. AS IF ELLIE)
She's trying to take
your mommy away
from you. Kassie.
I know you're not my mom
anymore.
Don't take me from them.
You have no idea what it's like
to bring a child into
this world. Beth. (SNIFFLES)
(IN DEMONIC VOICE) That's
my gun. you thieving cunt.
(BETH GRUNTING)
KASSIE: Auntie Beth!
Auntie Beth!
(BRIDGET AND DANNY SOBBING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(IN DEMONIC VOICE) Everybody
here dies by dawn. Beth.
Run!
(IN DEMONIC VOICE)
Dead by dawn!
- Dead by dawn!
- By dawn!
DEMONS: Dead by dawn!
Dead by dawn!
(CACKLING)
Here.
(BETH BREATHES HEAVILY)
(SQUELCHING)
(ELEVATOR MOTOR CLUNKS)
(WHIMPERS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(KASSIE WHIMPERING)
(RUMBLING)
(SNARLING)
(HISSES)
(CREAKING AND CLANKING OVERHEAD)
(DEMONS CHANTING) No way out!
No way out!
(DEEP RUMBLING)
- Auntie Beth!
- Come here!
(BOTH YELLING)
(BETH GRUNTING)
- (SNARLS)
- No!
(SCREAMS)
(DEMONS SNARLING)
(KASSIE SOBBING)
(ELEVATOR JUDDERING)
(ELEVATOR CABLE WHIPPING)
(DEEP RUMBLING)
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
(GASPS. COUGHS)
(HYPERVENTILATING)
Kassie. Kassie.
Kassie. Kassie. Kassie.
(WHIMPERS)
Am I dead?
(DEEP RUMBLING)
(CAR UNLOCKS)
Come on. Get in.
(ENGINE STARTS)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Kass. where's the beeper?
Come on. Come on.
- (BUZZER BUZZES)
- (DOOR MOTOR WHIRRING)
- (TIRES SCREECHING)
- (HEAVY THUD)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
It's coming.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(LOW GROWLING)
(DEMON PACING ROUND)
(SHUSHING SOFTLY)
(MARAUDER SCREECHES)
(GLASS SQUEAKING)
(BUZZER BUZZING)
Get under!
(SCREAMING)
(KASSIE SCREAMS)
Kassie!
(YELLING)
(KASSIE SCREAMS)
(CRIES OUT)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTING)
(CHAINSAW WHIRRING)
(IN DEMONIC VOICE) All I want
is your little head. baby girl.
(HYPERVENTILATING)
- (GUNSHOT)
- (SNARLS)
(GASPING)
Come get some.
- (BETH GRUNTS)
- (GUNSHOT)
(GROANS)
(DEMON GROWLING)
(YELLING)
(BETH YELLING)
(MACHINE TURNS ON)
(GRUNTS)
(YELLING)
- (GRUNTS)
- (MACHINE TURNS OFF)
(CHAINSAW WHIRRING)
Turn it on. Kass!
- (GRUNTS)
- (MACHINE TURNS ON)
(BETH YELLING)
(SCREECHES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(AGONIZED SCREECHING)
(DEMON PANTING)
(DEMON. AS IF ELLIE) Please.
Help me. Be thy-boo.
Only my sister
gets to call me that.
- (CHAINSAW WHIRRING)
- (YELLING)
(BETH GASPING)
You know. you really do
look like Mom.
And you're gonna fail
miserably just like her.
You stinking. horrible...
- (IN DEMONIC VOICE) ...groupie cunt!
- (YELLS)
(MACHINE TURNS OFF)
(KASSIE WHIMPERING SOFTLY)
(BOTH CRYING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
(SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE)
(CLICKING)
JESSICA:
There's been no cell signal
until. like. five minutes ago
and the thunder kept me awake.
so I got basically
less than zero sleep.
Anyway. all my early morning
moans aside.
we are still gonna have such
a fab weekend at the lake.
Caleb's dad's cabin
is so awesome.
and you're gonna absolutely
love his friends.
I'm sure one of them
will be perfect for you.
TERESA: I don't mean to be
a downer or anything
but I was actually thinking
of taking a rain check
on this whole trip thing.
Not a chance.
I'm picking you up in 15.
Bye!
- (CAR DOOR SHUTS)
- (ENGINE STARTS)
(ENGINE STOPS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(GASPING. SOBBING)
- (METALLIC CLANG)
- (GASPS)
(CLANG)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(GASPS)
(SCREAMS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(FLY BUZZES)
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-